1136 - Cleanup pages (Round Two) (#1498)
infor-design/enterprise: src/components/wizard/readme.md

    slug: example-index
  pages:
  - name: Disabled Tick Clicks
    slug: test-in-page
  - name: Programmatic Tick Selection
    slug: test-set-selected
---

## Code Example

> Below is an example of a default wizard control with no extra settings. Classes are added to indicate the current task with `class="current"`. Classes are added to the complete tasks using `class="complete"`. Links should always contain an inner span. Its also possible to make an in page wizard where the links arent actionable. To do this just remove the link and keep the span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a default wizard control with no extra settings. Classes are added to indicate the current task with `class="current"`. Classes are added to the complete tasks using `class="complete"`. Links should always contain an inner span. It's also possible to make an in-page wizard where the links aren't actionable. To do this, just remove the link and keep the span.
```

> In addition, a wizard can be used for header navigation. This is a full page pattern so must be shown on its own page. Take a look at the [header wizard examples](./grid) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, a wizard can be used for header navigation. This is a full page pattern and must be shown on its own page. Take a look at the [header wizard examples](./grid) for more details.
```
